Verify SAML setup documentation for NameID (#4296)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/sso-saml-adfs-msws2016.rst

	.. image:: ../../source/images/SSO-SAML-ADFS_create-claim-rules_002.png

3. In the **Configure Claim Rule** screen, enter a **Claim Rule Name** of your choice, select **Active Directory** as the **Attribute Store** and add the following mapping:
  - From the **LDAP Attribute column**, select ``E-Mail-Addresses``. From the **Outgoing Claim Type**, type ``Email``.

>   - From the **LDAP Attribute column**, select ``E-Mail-Addresses``. From the **Outgoing Claim Type**, type ``NameID``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - From the **LDAP Attribute column**, select ``E-Mail-Addresses``. From the **Outgoing Claim Type**, type ``Name ID``.
```

  - From the **LDAP Attribute column**, select ``Given-Name``. From the **Outgoing Claim Type**, type ``FirstName``.
  - From the **LDAP Attribute column**, select ``Surname``. From the **Outgoing Claim Type**, type ``LastName``.
  - From the **LDAP Attribute column**, select ``SAM-Account-Name``. From the **Outgoing Claim Type**, type ``Username``.

> From Mattermost 3.4, the *FirstName* and *LastName* attributes are optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From Mattermost version 3.4, the ``FirstName`` and ``LastName`` attributes are optional.
```
